Fitness adults
Kill him now
As long as he is dead
The Ye family's property is all mine
Forget it.
If the Ye family is dead, I will not leave the property to you.
Kill you together
Stop me
Ye Bingtao
You only need to peek at the Japanese people for the sake of loyalty
Become a sinner in the Ye family?
Hahaha as long as there is money
I'd love to be a dog for people
Sir? Sir?
Please hurry up.
As we said before
The Ye family's property will be divided into half for you
Hey
Not half.
It's all of them.
What do you mean?
Because you are not the blade head, I am
You want to kill me and replace me?
Hahaha, it seems that you are not that stupid anymore.
Who are you?
It's me, dear boss.
You betrayed me
I'll be your bodyguard
So many years
Imitate your every move
Just to replace you one day
Now you can die.